enhance: add credential overrides (#263)
gptscript-ai/gptscript: docs/docs/03-tools/04-credentials.md

```bash
gptscript credential delete --credential-context <credential context> <credential tool name>
```

The `--show-env-vars` argument will also display the names of the environment variables that are set by the credential.
This is useful when working with credential overrides.

## Credential Overrides

You can bypass credential tools and stored credentials by setting the `--credential-override` argument (or the
`GPTSCRIPT_CREDENTIAL_OVERRIDE` environment variable) when running GPTScript. To set up a credential override, you
need to be aware of which environment variables the credential tool sets. You can find this out by running the
`gptscript credential --show-env-vars` command.

### Format

The `--credential-override` argument must be formatted in one of the following three ways:

> #### 1. Key-Value Pairs
> 
> `tool1:ENV_VAR_1=value1,ENV_VAR_2=value2;tool2:ENV_VAR_1=value3,ENV_VAR_2=value4`
> 
> In this example, tool1 and tool2 both provide the variables `ENV_VAR_1` and `ENV_VAR_2`.
> This will set the environment variables `ENV_VAR_1` and `ENV_VAR_2` to the specific values provided for each tool.
> 
> #### 2. Environment Variables
> 
> `tool1:ENV_VAR_1,ENV_VAR_2;tool2:ENV_VAR_3,ENV_VAR_4`
> 
> In this example, tool1 provides the variables `ENV_VAR_1` and `ENV_VAR_2`, and tool2 provides the variables `ENV_VAR_3` and `ENV_VAR_4`.
> This will read the values of `ENV_VAR_1` through `ENV_VAR_4` from the current environment and set them for each tool.
> This is a direct mapping of environment variable names. **This is not recommended when overriding credentials for
> multiple tools that use the same environment variable names.**
> 
> #### 3. Environment Variable Mapping
> 
> `tool1:ENV_VAR_1->TOOL_1_ENV_VAR_1,ENV_VAR_2->TOOL_1_ENV_VAR_2;tool2:ENV_VAR_1->TOOL_2_ENV_VAR_1,ENV_VAR_2->TOOL_2_ENV_VAR_2`
> 
> In this example, tool1 and tool2 both provide the variables `ENV_VAR_1` and `ENV_VAR_2`.
> This will set the environment variables `ENV_VAR_1` and `ENV_VAR_2` to the values of `TOOL_1_ENV_VAR_1` and
> `TOOL_1_ENV_VAR_2` from the current environment for `tool1`. The same applies for `tool2`, but with the values of
> `TOOL_2_ENV_VAR_1` and `TOOL_2_ENV_VAR_2`. This is a mapping of one environment variable name to another.

Reviewer: Using a letter suffix for the tool names makes this easier for me to grok

```suggestion
#### 1. Key-Value Pairs

`toolA:ENV_VAR_1=value1,ENV_VAR_2=value2;toolB:ENV_VAR_1=value3,ENV_VAR_2=value4`

In this example, both `toolA` and `toolB` provide the variables `ENV_VAR_1` and `ENV_VAR_2`.
This will set the environment variables `ENV_VAR_1` and `ENV_VAR_2` to the specific values provided for each tool.

#### 2. Environment Variables

`toolA:ENV_VAR_1,ENV_VAR_2;toolB:ENV_VAR_3,ENV_VAR_4`

In this example, `toolA` provides the variables `ENV_VAR_1` and `ENV_VAR_2`, and `toolB` provides the variables `ENV_VAR_3` and `ENV_VAR_4`.
This will read the values of `ENV_VAR_1` through `ENV_VAR_4` from the current environment and set them for each tool.
This is a direct mapping of environment variable names. **This is not recommended when overriding credentials for
multiple tools that use the same environment variable names.**

#### 3. Environment Variable Mapping

`toolA:ENV_VAR_1->TOOL_A_ENV_VAR_1,ENV_VAR_2->TOOL_A_ENV_VAR_2;toolB:ENV_VAR_1->TOOL_B_ENV_VAR_1,ENV_VAR_2->TOOL_B_ENV_VAR_2`

In this example, `toolA` and `toolB` both provide the variables `ENV_VAR_1` and `ENV_VAR_2`.
This will set the environment variables `ENV_VAR_1` and `ENV_VAR_2` to the values of `TOOL_A_ENV_VAR_1` and
`TOOL_A_ENV_VAR_2` from the current environment for `toolA`. The same applies for `toolB`, but with the values of
`TOOL_B_ENV_VAR_1` and `TOOL_B_ENV_VAR_2`. This is a mapping of one environment variable name to another.
```
